Hello, everyone. This is Mohammed Osman speaking over here. We have
seen how descriptive statistics can help us with understanding the
overall data distribution, and now let's look at the second piece of
the puzzle, data visualization.
We will start this module by discussing the reasons and
motivations behind doing data visualization.
Then, we will discuss their benefits of doing these
visualizations and their practical usage scenarios.
Then, we will see a powerful visualization that can help us
to summarize the descriptive statistics,
which is the box plot.
Then, we will discuss what are the different types of visualizations
and go through the most common ones and their benefits in the context
of data analysis and machine learning.
Then, we will proceed with a demo and see how we can do
these visualizations using AWS SageMaker.
After that, we'll explain a different way to do visualizations in AWS,
which is AWS QuickSight, an AWS service directed towards data visualization. And then, we will conclude with a demo for AWS QuickSight.